README.md, before:

# vdp-scanner-docker 🔍📄 #

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/actions)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/context:python)

## Docker Image ##

[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner)
[![Docker Image Size (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/cisagov/vdp-scanner)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner)
[![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-amd64%20%7C%20arm%2Fv6%20%7C%20arm%2Fv7%20%7C%20arm64%20%7C%20ppc64le%20%7C%20s390x-blue)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner/tags)

This is a docker skeleton project that can be used to quickly get a
new [cisagov](https://github.com/cisagov) GitHub docker project
started.  This skeleton project contains [licensing
information](LICENSE), as well as [pre-commit hooks](https://pre-commit.com)
and [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) configurations
appropriate for docker containers and the major languages that we use.

## Usage ##

### Install ###

Pull `cisagov/vdp-scanner` from the Docker repository:

```console
docker pull cisagov/vdp-scanner
```

Or build `cisagov/vdp-scanner` from source:

```console
git clone https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.git
cd vdp-scanner-docker
docker-compose build
```

### Run ###

This Docker image needs a mount to get the output from the script to the host.
Due to how Docker works, we need to specify the local User and Group IDs to
prevent errors or access conflicts with the generated files.

Using `docker run`

```console
docker-compose run --user $(id -u):$(id -g) --volume ".:/home/cisa/host_mount" --rm vdp-scanner
```

or using `docker-compose`

```console
UID=$(id -u) GID=$(id -g) docker-compose up
```

## Contributing ##

We welcome contributions!  Please see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for
details.

## License ##

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE).

This project is in the public domain within the United States, and
copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through
the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain
dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.

Commit message:

Use pipenv for script requirements
This switches to using pipenv to manage the requirements for the vdp_scanner.py
script. This will help ensure deterministic Docker builds by installing
specific package versions, but stores them in a maintainable matter.

There was also a move back to using a root user because of issues with output
to the host machine and running under a different UID inside the Docker
container.

A debug option was added to the script and the version of chromium-common was
updated to resolve a build issue.

README.md, after:

# vdp-scanner-docker 🔍📄 #

[![GitHub Build Status](https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/workflows/build/badge.svg)](https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/actions)
[![Total alerts](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/alerts/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/alerts/)
[![Language grade: Python](https://img.shields.io/lgtm/grade/python/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.svg?logo=lgtm&logoWidth=18)](https://lgtm.com/projects/g/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker/context:python)

## Docker Image ##

[![Docker Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner)
[![Docker Image Size (latest by date)](https://img.shields.io/docker/image-size/cisagov/vdp-scanner)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner)
[![Platforms](https://img.shields.io/badge/platforms-amd64%20%7C%20arm%2Fv6%20%7C%20arm%2Fv7%20%7C%20arm64%20%7C%20ppc64le%20%7C%20s390x-blue)](https://hub.docker.com/r/cisagov/vdp-scanner/tags)

This is a docker skeleton project that can be used to quickly get a
new [cisagov](https://github.com/cisagov) GitHub docker project
started.  This skeleton project contains [licensing
information](LICENSE), as well as [pre-commit hooks](https://pre-commit.com)
and [GitHub Actions](https://github.com/features/actions) configurations
appropriate for docker containers and the major languages that we use.

## Usage ##

### Install ###

Pull `cisagov/vdp-scanner` from the Docker repository:

```console
docker pull cisagov/vdp-scanner
```

Or build `cisagov/vdp-scanner` from source:

```console
git clone https://github.com/cisagov/vdp-scanner-docker.git
cd vdp-scanner-docker
docker-compose build
```

### Run ###

This Docker image needs a bind mount to get the output from the script to the
host.

Using `docker run`

```console
docker run --mount type=bind,source=$(pwd),target=/task/host_mount --rm cisagov/vdp-scanner
```

or if you have cloned the repository, you can use the included
`docker-compose.yml`

```console
docker-compose up
```

## Contributing ##

We welcome contributions!  Please see [`CONTRIBUTING.md`](CONTRIBUTING.md) for
details.

## License ##

This project is in the worldwide [public domain](LICENSE).

This project is in the public domain within the United States, and
copyright and related rights in the work worldwide are waived through
the [CC0 1.0 Universal public domain
dedication](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

All contributions to this project will be released under the CC0
dedication. By submitting a pull request, you are agreeing to comply
with this waiver of copyright interest.
